So this really was a lot of work
but we did it,
that's the great thing
and what's also great is that we now turn our nice desktop website into a fully responsive website
and for that, we only needed to apply some core concepts.
Now what did we apply, what did we learn?
Well the first thing we learned is that the responsive design is required to make our website look beautiful
on all devices, so not on the desktop device only but also on the smartphone, on the tablet, on any device
that we want to use.
We also saw that the viewport meta tag is a really important starting point to ensure this responsive
design really works in the end because it allows us to adjust the viewport according to our device sizes
and what this specifically meant is that with this viewport meta tag, we are able to convert the hardware
pixels, so the actual pixels you read in the hardware specifications of your device, into the software
pixels which basically take into account the actual width, the actual size of your device.
We saw that based on that pixel ratio and we also saw that with that, the pixel amount decreased and
therefore the content size increased,
so the readability was improved and then we had the media queries.
These allowed us finally to change also the properties and therefore the entire look of our website
depending on the width or the height of the device we're using and we can simply add these media queries
by adding @media to our CSS code
and with that, we were able to create this awesomely responsive website.
Now we are of course not done yet,
that's also the reason for example why we didn't put all the media queries at the end of the code.
As I said in the beginning, this is actually the way you add these media queries but we have to add more
features to our website,
so we might come back to the media queries again but in the next lecture,
it's now time to hand over to Max again because he will show you how you can easily create forms with
CSS.